currBet 2 Total 0 loss
currBet 4 Total -2 loss
currBet 2 Total 2 win
currBet 2 Total 4 win
currBet 4 Total 2 loss
currBet 2 Total 6 win
currBet 4 Total 4 loss
currBet 2 Total 8 win
currBet 4 Total 6 loss
currBet 8 Total 2 loss
currBet 2 Total 10 win
currBet 2 Total 12 win
currBet 2 Total 14 win
currBet 4 Total 12 loss
currBet 2 Total 16 win
currBet 4 Total 14 loss
currBet 8 Total 10 loss
currBet 16 Total 2 loss
currBet 2 Total 18 win
currBet 4 Total 16 loss
currBet 2 Total 20 win
currBet 4 Total 18 loss
currBet 2 Total 22 win
currBet 4 Total 20 loss
currBet 2 Total 24 win
currBet 2 Total 26 win
currBet 4 Total 24 loss
currBet 2 Total 28 win
currBet 2 Total 30 win
currBet 4 Total 28 loss
currBet 2 Total 32 win
currBet 2 Total 34 win
currBet 4 Total 32 loss
currBet 2 Total 36 win
currBet 4 Total 34 loss
currBet 8 Total 30 loss
currBet 2 Total 38 win
currBet 4 Total 36 loss
currBet 2 Total 40 win
currBet 2 Total 42 win
currBet 2 Total 44 win
currBet 2 Total 46 win
currBet 4 Total 44 loss
currBet 2 Total 48 win
currBet 4 Total 46 loss
currBet 2 Total 50 win
currBet 4 Total 48 loss
currBet 8 Total 44 loss
currBet 16 Total 36 loss
currBet 32 Total 20 loss
currBet 2 Total 52 win
currBet 2 Total 54 win
currBet 2 Total 56 win
currBet 2 Total 58 win
currBet 2 Total 60 win
currBet 2 Total 62 win
currBet 2 Total 64 win
currBet 2 Total 66 win
currBet 2 Total 68 win
currBet 2 Total 70 win
currBet 4 Total 68 loss
currBet 8 Total 64 loss
currBet 16 Total 56 loss
currBet 32 Total 40 loss
currBet 2 Total 72 win
currBet 2 Total 74 win
currBet 2 Total 76 win
currBet 2 Total 78 win
currBet 4 Total 76 loss
currBet 2 Total 80 win
currBet 4 Total 78 loss
currBet 8 Total 74 loss
currBet 2 Total 82 win
currBet 4 Total 80 loss
currBet 2 Total 84 win
currBet 2 Total 86 win
currBet 4 Total 84 loss
currBet 8 Total 80 loss
currBet 16 Total 72 loss
currBet 32 Total 56 loss
currBet 2 Total 88 win
currBet 4 Total 86 loss
currBet 8 Total 82 loss
currBet 2 Total 90 win
currBet 4 Total 88 loss
currBet 8 Total 84 loss
currBet 16 Total 76 loss
currBet 2 Total 92 win
currBet 2 Total 94 win
currBet 2 Total 96 win
currBet 4 Total 94 loss
currBet 2 Total 98 win
currBet 4 Total 96 loss
currBet 8 Total 92 loss
currBet 2 Total 100 win
currBet 4 Total 98 loss
currBet 8 Total 94 loss
currBet 16 Total 86 loss
currBet 32 Total 70 loss
currBet 2 Total 102 win
Total won/lost: 100
=============================================== Nerf Martingale
currBet 2 Total 0 loss
currBet 2 Total 2 win
currBet 2 Total 4 win
currBet 4 Total 2 loss
currBet 8 Total -2 loss
currBet 2 Total 6 win
currBet 4 Total 4 loss
currBet 2 Total 8 win
currBet 4 Total 6 loss
currBet 2 Total 10 win
currBet 4 Total 8 loss
currBet 2 Total 12 win
currBet 2 Total 14 win
currBet 2 Total 16 win
currBet 4 Total 14 loss
currBet 2 Total 18 win
currBet 2 Total 20 win
currBet 4 Total 18 loss
currBet 8 Total 14 loss
currBet 2 Total 22 win
currBet 4 Total 20 loss
currBet 2 Total 24 win
currBet 2 Total 26 win
currBet 2 Total 28 win
currBet 2 Total 30 win
currBet 2 Total 32 win
currBet 2 Total 34 win
currBet 2 Total 36 win
currBet 4 Total 34 loss
currBet 2 Total 38 win
currBet 4 Total 36 loss
currBet 2 Total 40 win
currBet 2 Total 42 win
currBet 4 Total 40 loss
currBet 8 Total 36 loss
currBet 16 Total 28 loss
currBet 2 Total 44 win
currBet 4 Total 42 loss
currBet 2 Total 46 win
currBet 2 Total 48 win
currBet 4 Total 46 loss
currBet 2 Total 50 win
currBet 2 Total 52 win
currBet 4 Total 50 loss
currBet 8 Total 46 loss
currBet 2 Total 54 win
currBet 2 Total 56 win
currBet 4 Total 54 loss
currBet 8 Total 50 loss
currBet 2 Total 58 win
currBet 4 Total 56 loss
currBet 2 Total 60 win
currBet 2 Total 62 win
currBet 4 Total 60 loss
currBet 2 Total 64 win
currBet 4 Total 62 loss
currBet 2 Total 66 win
currBet 4 Total 64 loss
currBet 8 Total 60 loss
currBet 2 Total 68 win
currBet 2 Total 70 win
currBet 2 Total 72 win
currBet 2 Total 74 win
currBet 2 Total 76 win
currBet 4 Total 74 loss
currBet 8 Total 70 loss
currBet 16 Total 62 loss
currBet 32 Total 46 loss
currBet 2 Total 78 win
currBet 2 Total 80 win
currBet 4 Total 78 loss
currBet 8 Total 74 loss
currBet 16 Total 66 loss
currBet 2 Total 82 win
currBet 4 Total 80 loss
currBet 8 Total 76 loss
currBet 16 Total 68 loss
currBet 32 Total 52 loss
currBet 64 Total 20 loss
currBet 2 Total 84 win
currBet 2 Total 86 win
currBet 4 Total 84 loss
currBet 8 Total 80 loss
currBet 16 Total 72 loss
currBet 2 Total 88 win
currBet 2 Total 90 win
currBet 4 Total 88 loss
currBet 8 Total 84 loss
currBet 16 Total 76 loss
currBet 2 Total 92 win
currBet 4 Total 90 loss
currBet 8 Total 86 loss
currBet 2 Total 94 win
currBet 4 Total 92 loss
currBet 2 Total 96 win
currBet 4 Total 94 loss
currBet 2 Total 98 win
currBet 4 Total 96 loss
currBet 8 Total 92 loss
currBet 2 Total 100 win
Total won/lost: 102
=============================================== Nerf V2
currBet 2 Total 0 loss
currBet 2 Total 2 win
currBet 4 Total 0 loss
currBet 8 Total -4 loss
currBet 16 Total -12 loss
currBet 32 Total -28 loss
currBet 2 Total 4 win
currBet 4 Total 2 loss
currBet 2 Total 6 win
currBet 4 Total 4 loss
currBet 8 Total 0 loss
currBet 2 Total 8 win
currBet 2 Total 10 win
currBet 2 Total 12 win
currBet 2 Total 14 win
stupid loss
currBet 4 Total 12 loss
currBet 2 Total 16 win
stupid loss
currBet 4 Total 14 loss
currBet 2 Total 18 win
currBet 4 Total 16 loss
currBet 8 Total 12 loss
currBet 2 Total 20 win
currBet 4 Total 18 loss
currBet 8 Total 14 loss
currBet 16 Total 6 loss
currBet 32 Total -10 loss
currBet 64 Total -42 loss
stupid loss
currBet 128 Total -106 loss
stupid loss
currBet 256 Total -234 loss
currBet 2 Total 22 win
currBet 4 Total 20 loss
currBet 8 Total 16 loss
currBet 2 Total 24 win
currBet 4 Total 22 loss
currBet 8 Total 18 loss
currBet 16 Total 10 loss
stupid loss
currBet 32 Total -6 loss
currBet 64 Total -38 loss
currBet 2 Total 26 win
currBet 4 Total 24 loss
stupid loss
currBet 8 Total 20 loss
currBet 16 Total 12 loss
currBet 32 Total -4 loss
currBet 2 Total 28 win
currBet 4 Total 26 loss
currBet 2 Total 30 win
currBet 2 Total 32 win
currBet 2 Total 34 win
currBet 4 Total 32 loss
currBet 8 Total 28 loss
currBet 16 Total 20 loss
currBet 32 Total 4 loss
currBet 64 Total -28 loss
currBet 128 Total -92 loss
currBet 2 Total 36 win
currBet 4 Total 34 loss
currBet 8 Total 30 loss
currBet 2 Total 38 win
currBet 4 Total 36 loss
currBet 8 Total 32 loss
currBet 2 Total 40 win
currBet 4 Total 38 loss
currBet 2 Total 42 win
currBet 2 Total 44 win
currBet 2 Total 46 win
currBet 2 Total 48 win
currBet 4 Total 46 loss
currBet 8 Total 42 loss
currBet 2 Total 50 win
currBet 2 Total 52 win
currBet 2 Total 54 win
currBet 2 Total 56 win
currBet 2 Total 58 win
currBet 2 Total 60 win
currBet 4 Total 58 loss
currBet 8 Total 54 loss
currBet 2 Total 62 win
currBet 2 Total 64 win
currBet 2 Total 66 win
stupid loss
currBet 4 Total 64 loss
currBet 2 Total 68 win
stupid loss
currBet 4 Total 66 loss
currBet 8 Total 62 loss
currBet 2 Total 70 win
currBet 2 Total 72 win
currBet 2 Total 74 win
currBet 2 Total 76 win
currBet 2 Total 78 win
currBet 4 Total 76 loss
currBet 2 Total 80 win
stupid loss
currBet 4 Total 78 loss
currBet 2 Total 82 win
currBet 2 Total 84 win
currBet 2 Total 86 win
currBet 2 Total 88 win
currBet 4 Total 86 loss
currBet 2 Total 90 win
currBet 2 Total 92 win
currBet 2 Total 94 win
currBet 4 Total 92 loss
Total won/lost: 88
